I now give the floor to the
representative of
Israel thank you Mr
President distinguished ministers
colleagues Secretary
General how many times has this Council
met to discuss ways to advance the
release of our hostages held in Gaza how
many
times not even once
how many condemnations has this Council
issued against Hamas or for their
heinous October 7th
Massacre zero
zero yet rather than condemning hamas's
atrocities or taking action real action
to bring our hostages home this Council
will be voting upon a resolution to
recommend granting the Palestinian
Authority full membership status a
Palestinian
State how detached from reality can this
Council be to dedicate its time and
resources to support a resolution so
disconnected to the reality on the
ground to a resolution that will have
zero zero positive impact for any party
that will cause only Destruction for
years to come and harm any chance for
future
dialogue colleagues 6 months after
October 7th the most brutal Massacre of
Jews since the Holocaust this Council
seeks to reward the supporters and
perpetrators of these
atrocities with
statehood the child murdering Hamas
rapists are watching this meeting and
they are smiling there is no bigger
prize for Terror than than today's
meeting let me remind everyone the basic
requirement for admission to the UN are
a permanent population B defined
territory C government and D capacity to
enter relations with other states but
above anything else a very important
principle stated in article 4 of the UN
Charter is and I quote membership in the
United Nations is open to all
peaceloving State
peaceloving what a
joke does anyone doubt that the
Palestinians fail to meet these
criteria did anyone hear any Palestinian
leader even condemn the massacre of our
children the Palestinian Authority has
absolutely no control over Gaza you all
know it everyone knows it
but even in Judea and Samaria entire
neighborhoods and cities are ruled by
other terrorist gangs lion Den others
and the Palestinian Authority ironically
has no
Authority so who is the council voting
to recognize today and give full
membership status to Kamas in Gaza
Palestinian Islamic Jihad in Nablus who
who's going to be in charge
while this is this in itself is grounds
enough to reject this sick reward for
Palestinian Terror the Palestinian
Authority is the opposite the opposite
of a peaceloving entity the Palestinian
Authority not only have not condemned
the October 7th Massacre they are also
paying month monthly salaries to all the
terrorists that took part in it
rewarding the
rapists this is a genoci side loving
entity that doesn't deserve any status
here but sadly to some of the members
here some the Palestinians inability to
meet the criteria simply doesn't matter
it doesn't matter because to some of you
Palestinian statehood has nothing to do
with the UN Charter or legal criteria
all it has to do with is politics and
interests the UN Charter is important to
them only when it can be used against
Israel the report from the council's
commission on the admission of new
members even States it black or black on
white let me quote from clause three of
the report your report and I quote
several members expressed The View that
the admission of the State of Palestine
to membership in the United Nations was
a political matter rather than a
technical or legal
requirement in other words un Charter be
damned international law be damned I
reiterate international law in the UN
Charter are only important when they can
be weaponized against
Israel but if breaking the law means
advancing the unilateral establishment
of a Palestinian Terror State a palestin
Nai State then by all
means they're just empty words on paper
right what this Council has decided to
focus on at the expense of all other
calamities around the globe is to Grant
a prize to
terrorists granting the perpetrators and
supporters of October 7th full
membership status in the UN is the viest
reward for the viest crimes if this
resolution passes God forbid this
Council should no longer be known as the
security Council but as the terror
Council the only thing that a forced a
forced unilateral recognition of a
Palestinian state will do is to make any
future
negotiations almost impossible as long
as the Palestinians feel that they can
exploit this politicized body to their
benefit why would they bother at the
negotiating table or support any any
compromise do you honestly think that
this resolution will make a solution
more likely or change anything on the
ground the Palestinians have rejected
every peace plan ever made ever made and
they continue to support Terror and
boycott negotiations and now they know
that their rejectionism pays off they
can say no no no to any American
president but still get here here what
they demand because the unan is Guided
by politics not morality or
truth all this council is accomplishing
through this destructive approach is
making a solution
unattainable the UN is no longer about
multilateralism sadly it is now
committed to multi-
terrorism at the security Council Terror
pays off it's shameful I have always
called out the political rot within the
UN that sadly nothing here is based on
truth and justice but toxic
politicization and today the mask has
finally Fallen the council has exposed
expose
itself please do not give in to politics
do not support this dangerous
resolution how can you support a
resolution that is so destructive and
immoral at the worst possible
moment colleagues the council was not
the only entity to expose its true face
this week on Saturday night with the
launch of over 300 uavs ballistic
missiles and cruise missiles at Israel
the Ayatollah regime's mask also fell
Iran exposed itself as the terror state
that it is but today marks another
milestone in the Ayatollah regime's
blood soaked
history on April
18 1983 a chevolet pickup truck packed
with 2,000 lbs of explosives sped
through the gates of the US Embassy in
Beirut crashed into the building and and
detonated detonated this blast killed 63
people you're talking a lot about
embassies and the importance of
embassies and kisala claimed
responsibility and today April 18
2024 exactly 41 years later this Council
the security Council will be addressed
by an arch terrorists whose regime funds
arms trains and directs his
Bala the Ayatollah regime's foreign
minister husen Amir abdan is a member of
the Iranian revolutionary guard Corp
this Terror organization the irgc is
responsible for Carnage Bloodshed and
destruction
worldwide from Terror attacks in South
America and assassination plots of on
European and American soil to Arms
trafficking in Africa and Terror
sponsorship across the Middle East the
irgc is in the business of murder the
irgc is a designated terrorist
organization not only in Israel not only
in the United States in Bahrain and
Saudi Arabia both I and my Arab and
American colleagues agree that the man
who will address this Council later
today is a
terrorist and his presence here on today
of all days is further proof of how the
UN has become a Haven for dictatorships
and Terror regimes to whitewash their
crimes colleagues it is Iran Iran that
ensured Hamas was able to orchestrate
the October 7th Massacre it is the
Ayatollah regime in tan that has
provided weaponary to kisala to rain
down missiles on Israeli towns and
cities it is the Ayatollah regime in tan
that has equipped the houis with cruise
missiles to fire at Merchant
vessels and it is the Ayatollah regime
that launched an unprecedented attack at
Israel a fellow UN member State less
than a week ago yet instead of
designating the irgc as a terror
organization and sanctioning Iran's evil
regime the security Council opens its
doors for Iran's foreign minister for a
terrorists can you not see what is going
on here Terror minister abdulian is not
here to express sorrow for his regime's
Brazen attack and tell this Council that
the Islamic Republic has changed its
ways he is here to make a mockery of you
he is here to show you all in your suits
and with your diplomatic niceties that
his country can launch an attack on
another member State on Saturday and
then he can come here on Thursday to
lecture you all on human rights and and
International
Minister Abdul Yan's presence here today
is making this institution a joke sadly
it is clear to every dictator and Terror
state that the UN has lost every ons of
justice and it is now a blob of
politicized plasticine that can be
molded however the tyrants choose and
the council plays along with this
destructive
charade calling colleagues if you still
believe that that this body holds any
relevance then I ask you I even beg you
what action has been taken by the
council against Iran for its attack
against Israel this week the foreign
minister of a genocidal regime will
speak here today as his country hurdles
towards nuclear weapons has this Council
taken any action to prevent this nope
nothing instead we have gathered today
to discuss the situation in Gaza has it
occurred to any of you that the terror
minister abdan is here to make sure that
you focus on Gaza as opposed to his own
regime's
crimes sadly I you are being spoonfed a
script it was written by Kam and edited
by sinir a script crafted by terrorists
due to Kam and sinir script terrorists
commit acts of sheer evil against Israel
they exploit civilians as human Shields
and when Israel defends itself the UN
will pressure Israel Israel to a
ceasefire and ensure their survival the
terrorists know that nothing captivates
the un's attention more than Israel as
long as Israel is defending itself all
other human rights viol violators can
continue committing crimes your eyes
will remain on Gaza as the rest of the
world Burns and this is precisely what
is happened happening today you sit here
focused again on Israel focused on Gaza
we will hear talk of international law
human rights and many other terms this
Council loves to toss around but in
reality this Council as a council cares
nothing about human rights or
international law you even refused to
visit our communities in southern Israel
and I invited all of you that were
devastated by Hamas everything is
political and distorted you know better
than most than that the Ayatollah regime
is mere weeks away from nuclear
capabilities This Global sponsor has
proxies across the region sowing death
and destruction but Iran has immunity
here because this Rogue regimes regime
has allies here on this Council that
protect it and its Terror proxies this
is the reason why you will never
designate Hamas and kisala as Terror
organizations despite the whole world
knowing that they
are a war still rages in Ukraine as the
country that started it sits here on
this Council preaching about peace and
the defense of
civilians this is a backwards
world this week we Mark the oneyear
anniversary of the war in Sudan millions
millions of fled their homes Millions
more starved countless civilians have
been murdered since the start of the war
in Sudan has this Council held a single
Minister level meeting on the
atrocities no not one but today marks
the fourth ministerial Security Council
debate on Gaza the fourth foreign Gaza
and not one on Sudan in the past year
the double standards here know no bounds
the amount of time effort and resources
poured into Gaza makes it seem as if the
rest of the world is a pure is is a pure
Utopia that outside of Gaza we live in a
Carefree World Hakuna Matata the only
people this meeting serves and I
reiterate are a
and some of you may think that you are
serving the Palestinians but you're not
by holding this meeting you are aiding
and sinir they control the agenda here
and hardly any of you seem to notice
colleagues if the UN cannot prevent Wars
or defend human rights it has lost any
reason to continue operating the day
will come when this organization will be
shuttered the UN as we know it will
cease to exist and it and in its place
will stand a body that truly cares about
human rights that truly fights to
promote peace that is capable of putting
politics aside for the sake of Justice
morality and humanity and when that day
come comes and it will this meeting and
the vote to force the establishment of a
palestini state will be remembered as
Catalyst of the un's collapse a meeting
where the world burned but all that that
concerned the security Council was
helping terrorists in Gaza survive a me
where a terror entity could be given
full membership status this is how far
the UN has fallen and this is why the UN
in its current format has no future I
truly pray pray for brighter days for a
time where the UN can successfully
combat the forces of Darkness not
welcome them and be influenced by them
thank you Mr
President make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from aler